README.md, before:

# Duplicate

Duplicate multiple selections and/or lines before or after their current positions.

## Index

1. [Features](#features)
1. [Available Commands](#available-commands)
1. [Keyboard Shortcuts](#keyboard-shortcuts)
1. [Recommended Extensions](#recommended-extensions)

## Features

* Selections can be duplicated before or after their current position.
* Carets are duplicating the whole line before or after their current line.

## Available Commands

* `Duplicate After Selection` - Duplicates multiple selections and/or lines after their current positions and the selections or carets will stay.
* `Duplicate Before Selection` - Duplicates multiple selections and/or lines after their current positions and the selections or carets will move.

## Keyboard Shortcuts

### macOS

* `Ctrl + D` -> `Duplicate Before Selection`
* `Ctrl + Shift + D` -> `Duplicate After Selection`

### Windows / Linux

* `Ctrl + Shift + D` -> `Duplicate Before Selection`
* `Ctrl + Alt + Shift + D` -> `Duplicate After Selection`

If the key bindings don't work, please check `Preferences -> Keyboard Shortcuts`.

## Recommended Extensions

- [Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=L13RARY.l13-extension-pack)

Commit message:

- added support for virtual and remote workspaces - changed commands - updated description

README.md, after:

# Duplicate

Duplicate multiple selections and/or lines before or after their current positions.

## Index

1. [Features](#features)
1. [Available Commands](#available-commands)
1. [Keyboard Shortcuts](#keyboard-shortcuts)
1. [Recommended Extensions](#recommended-extensions)

## What's new in Duplicate 1.1.0

- Added support for virtual and remote workspaces.
- Changed commands `l13Duplicate.after` and `l13Duplicate.before` to `l13Duplicate.action.duplicateAfterSelection` and `l13Duplicate.action.duplicateBeforeSelection`.

## Features

* Selections can be duplicated before or after their current position.
* Carets are duplicating the whole line before or after their current line.

## Available Commands

* `Duplicate After Selection` - Duplicates multiple selections and/or lines after their current positions and the selections or carets will stay.
* `Duplicate Before Selection` - Duplicates multiple selections and/or lines after their current positions and the selections or carets will move.

## Keyboard Shortcuts

### macOS

* `Ctrl + D` -> `Duplicate Before Selection`
* `Ctrl + Shift + D` -> `Duplicate After Selection`

### Windows / Linux

* `Ctrl + Shift + D` -> `Duplicate Before Selection`
* `Ctrl + Alt + Shift + D` -> `Duplicate After Selection`

If the key bindings don't work, please check `Preferences -> Keyboard Shortcuts`.

## Recommended Extensions

- [Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=L13RARY.l13-extension-pack)
